---
layout:     post
title:      What heppens if I watch Press TV all the time?
date:       2018-09-17 10:18
author:     Mostafa Ramezani
summary:    This is how if feels like
categories: politics
thumbnail:  tv
tags:
 - iran
 - usa
 - harry potter
 - azkaban
---
Did you ever bothered yourself thinking about how could life be like if you can only allowed to watch Iranian national medias? Let me use a metaphor.  Do you remember The Azkaban Prisoner, the third title of _Harry Potter Series_ by J.K.Rowling? Do you remember the Prison guards? They were consuming **hope and happiness as their food**. They could suck soul through their victims mouth.

Now, given my metaphor, take Iran as Azkaban, People as prisoners and IRIB (Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting) as guards. I tell you, there are no good news in Iran TV. Just go to google and search for &quot;press TV - a subset of IRIB&quot; and see with your own eyes. There it seems that literally no good news is happening all over the world. Are you happy? Energetic? Excited? Are you managing to give birth to a beautiful baby to this wonderful world? Are you getting married soon? Are you going to lose weight? To buy your first SUV? Watch this shit for 15 minutes and lose all your hope. Do you need some sadistic, energy killer demon to devour you in its dark dark shadow? Watch press TV for 15 minutes. Not important what country it is programming about. Not important what time of the day is. You will see how dark and sad is the world. You will not see anything promising. Imagine, when I was trying to learned english from PressTV. (yes this channel is broadcasting for english speakers.) soon, i found out this is just not for me. I couldn&#39;t bear it more than 1 week. I changed my mind and switched to free online radio programs around the world. That time, I understand the difference between a free media and a hired one. Free medias care about women, kids, freedom. They care about seas and oceans as much as human beings. They support endangered species, and broadcast anti racism programs. That&#39;s the difference. That&#39;s the true understanding of democracy and a **jerk-o-cracy** when you see there are 1800 radio stations scattered in USA and only 16 in IRAN.